Master
Zhizhong Jieshi
How dare you
How dare you rebel against the Lord of the Temple of Heaven
Did you eat the gall of the ambitious leopard?
Shut up, I see you are the one who ate the gall of the ambitious leopard
Li Xiaoxue, this is the good apprentice you taught
As the god of war
Those who should be pregnant with the public are not biased
And in order to win the favor of Ye Qingmei
Following his nonsense and mistaking me for a traitor
Not even mastered
In the case of half a piece of evidence
Summon the rank of gunfire
Trying to kill you
Who gave you the courage?
The murderer used force
If replaced by a hand without binding
Ordinary people with chicken power
Already dead by now
Where is the opportunity to identify grievances?
You tell me it's a misunderstanding.
Instructor Li Cangxuan is helpless
I will definitely give the Holy Venerable Lord an explanation today
Master young man
Hit me as the boss
It's you, you ignorant bastard
I think you are really fascinated by this woman
You have been there
Talking about Ye Qingmei's various good things in front of him
You must be returning to get the beauty back
Master you
You misunderstood
Shit
So familiar plot
And the three of them
Observe the facts and do it indiscriminately
Thinking that with the prestige of the god of war
You can do whatever you want with this tiger skin of the Temple of God
Horizontal Cliff
Just your nonsense
The behavior of non-yang tiger cutting
With those country bullies of seven men and eight women
What's the difference between a ruffian and a hooligan?
Practice a fart
This steel world attitude
You don't deserve it.